Updating PR Guidelines (#413)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-cpp: CONTRIBUTING.md

  as `work-in-progress`, or mark it as [`draft`](https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/).
* Make sure [CLA](https://identity.linuxfoundation.org/projects/cncf) is
  signed and CI is clear.
* For non-trivial changes, please update the [CHANGELOG](./CHANGELOG.md).

### How to Get PRs Merged

A PR is considered to be **ready to merge** when:

> * It has received atleast one approval from [Approvers](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/master/community-membership.md#approver)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It has received at least one approval from [Approvers](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/master/community-membership.md#approver)
```

Reviewer: Also should we require at least two approvals? Perhaps one approval for trivial change is fine.

Author: Good point. Let's hear from others before finalizing it.

Author: OK, I have updated guideline to have
 - One approval ( from different company ) for PRs raised by approver / maintainers.
- Two approvals with one approval from different company for all other PRs.
Let me know if that will work ?

  / [Maintainers](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/master/community-membership.md#maintainer)

>   (at different companies).

Reviewer 2: We discussed in the SiG, and I thought we had said: "Approval from Approvers/Mainters where the approver is from a different company".   Can we update this to denote that?

Reviewer: Is this already covered by line 104? But I agree we need change the word a little bit.

Author: Yes, it's already there. But have now reworded slightly, let me know if it still not clear.
